---
page_title: "autocloud_blueprint Resource - AutoCloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates an AutoCloud infrastructure as code catalog Terraform blueprint.
---

# Resource: autocloud_blueprint

Creates an AutoCloud infrastructure as code catalog Terraform blueprint. For more information on blueprint usage and workflows, refer to AutoCloud [documentation](https://docs.autocloud.io/overview).


## Example Usage

Basic Usage
```terraform
resource "autocloud_module" "kms_key" {
  name    = "cpkmskey"
  source  = "cloudposse/kms-key/aws"
  version = "0.12.1"
}

resource "autocloud_blueprint" "this" {
  name = "KMS Key Minimal"
  author = "jennifer@example.com"
  labels = ["aws"]

  config = autocloud_module.kms_key.config

  file {
    action      = "CREATE"
    destination = "kms_key.tf"

    modules = [
      autocloud_module.kms_key.name
    ]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `author` (String) The email address of the AutoCloud user who is responsible for maintaining the blueprint.
- `config` (Optional, String) The form configuration defining the user data collection form in the AutoCloud UI. Source from the `config` output of an `autocloud_module` resource or an `autocloud_blueprint_config` data resource.
- `description` (Optional, String) A short description describing what the blueprint generates, shown in the blueprint catalog.
- [`file`](#file) (Block Set, Min: 1) Configuration block defining an output file generated by the blueprint. At least one output file must be defined.
- [`git_config`](#git_config) (Optional, Block Set, Max: 1) A source control destination configuration block defining where and how to deliver generated code via pull request.
- `instructions` (Optional, String) Written instructions show to the blueprint user to inform them how to use the blueprint to generate the desired Terraform.
- `labels` (Optional, List of String) An array of string labels to apply to the blueprint for searching and filtering.
- `name` (String) A short descriptive display name for the blueprint.

<a id="file"></a>
### `file`

The following arguments are supported:

- `action` (String) The file action. Currently only one value supported, must be `CREATE`.
- `content` (Optional, String) The raw content of the generated file. One of either `content` or `modules` is required. If both are provided, only the `content` value is used. Conflicts with `modules`. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `destination` (String) A string specifying the relative path the file will be placed in. Will be used relative to zip archive root and git repository root. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `footer` (Optional, String) A string containing raw text that will be inserted verbatim at the bottom of the file. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `header` (Optional, String) A string containing raw text that will be inserted verbatim at the top of the file. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `modules` (List of String) A list of modules whose generated invocation code will be included in this file. One of either `content` or `modules` is required. If both are provided, only the `content` value is used. Conflicts with `content`.
- `variables` (Optional, Map of String) A dictionary of keys and values to be used in AutoCloud string interpolation.

<a id="git_config"></a>
### `git_config`

The following arguments are supported:

- `destination_branch` (String) The destination branch for the pull request created.
- `git_url_default` (String) The git repository URL that is selected by default for the user. Must be in `git_url_options`
- `git_url_options` (List of String) A list of git repository URLs that the user may select to submit the generated code to. If empty, no pull request will be made.
- [pull_request](#pull_request) (Block Set) Configuration block defining the content of the pull request submitted.

<a id="pull_request"></a>
### `pull_request`

The following arguments are supported:

- `body` (String) A markdown string defining the contents of the pull request. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `commit_message_template` (String) The commit message used to commit the generated code. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `title` (String) The pull request title. AutoCloud string interpolation supported.
- `variables` (Map of String) A dictionary of keys and values to be used in AutoCloud string interpolation.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this Terraform blueprint on AutoCloud's systems.
